DxDiagram: default item properties (#700)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxDiagram/1 Configuration/defaultItemProperties/connectorLineEnd.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies an edge's default line end tip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the end of an edge's default line.
```

Author: Perhaps
```suggestion
Specifies the tip of a connector's end point.
```

---

> The **connectorLineEnd** option specifies a default line end tip that is applied to a connector if there is not another value provided via the [toLineEndExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/edges/#toLineEndExpr) option.

Reviewer: "default line end tip" Explain

Reviewer: "if there is not another value provided via the [toLineEndExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/edges/#toLineEndExpr) option" ->  if the [toLineEndExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/edges/#toLineEndExpr) option does not provide another value

Author: ```suggestion
The **connectorLineEnd** option specifies a tip that is displayed at a connector's end point if the [toLineEndExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/edges/#toLineEndExpr) option does not provide another value.
```
